docs(release): add `v1.3.8` release details to CHANGELOG (#1203)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

  Each OpenFGA release from here forward will explicitly reference a minimum datastore schema version that is required to run that specific release of OpenFGA. If OpenFGA operators have not migrated up to that revision then the server's health checks will fail.

* Username/password configuration overrides for the `openfga migrate` entrypoint ([#1133](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1133)). Thanks for the contribution @martin31821!

  Similar to the server's main entrypoint `openfga run`, you can now override the datastore username and password with environment variables. when running the `openfga migrate` utility.

* Healthcheck definitions in Dockerfile ([#1134](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1134)). Thanks @Siddhant-K-code!

### Changed
* Database iterators yielded by the RelationshipTupleReader storage interface now accept a `context` parameter which allows iteration to be promptly terminated ([#1055](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1055))

  We have noticed improvements in query performance by adding this because once a resolution path has been found we more quickly cancel any further evaluation by terminating the iterators promptly.

> * Normalized the in memory storage adapter implementation to make use of TupleRecords internally ([#1180](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1180))

Reviewer: Ehh I wouldn't mention this, I don't think end users will care about the internal implementation of the memory adapter.

Reviewer: I don't care :)

Author: Removed.

> * Improved tuple validation peformance with precomputation of TTUs ([#1171]https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1171))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved tuple validation peformance with precomputation of TTUs ([#1171](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1171))
```

> * Improved tuple validation peformance with precomputation of TTUs ([#1171]https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1171)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved tuple validation peformance with precomputation of TTUs ([#1171]https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1171))
```

* Refactored the commands in the `pkg/server/commands` package to uniformly use the Options builder pattern ([#1142](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1142)). Thanks for the contribution @ilaleksin!

* Upgraded to Go `1.21.4` ([#1143](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1143)). Thanks @tranngoclam!

### Fixed

> * Cache key computation with contextual tuples with different ordering. ([#1187](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1187))
> 
>   If two requests were made with the same request body and contextual tuples but the order of the contextual tuples differed, then the cache key that was produced would differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If two requests were made with the same request body and contextual tuples but the order of the contextual tuples differed, then the cache key that is produced is now the same.([#1187](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1187))

```

> * Missing child spans in OpenTelemetry traces ([#1196](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1196))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `NoOp` TracerProvider if tracing is disabled ([#1139](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1139) and [#1196](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1196))
```

Author: That change doesn't describe what was fixed, it describes what was done for the fix. If I'm a developer I care about _why_ we did what we did, not how we did.
